CRTC approves Stentor proposal to expand Advantage 900 service benefits

December 20, 1996 -- Bell Advantage 900TM service was expanded on December 19, 1996 to allow service providers -- classified as business, government or non-profit organizations -- to offer and bill callers for additional services rendered.

Bell will apply the charges to callers' monthly telephone bills on behalf of the service providers.

On December 19, 1996, the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) granted interim approval of Stentor's proposal to expand the Advantage 900 service definition to allow for this enhancement. Stentor filed its proposal on November 22, 1996 on behalf of the federally-regulated owner companies.

Services involving the sale and shipment of material goods to callers is not permitted. For example, service providers cannot use their Advantage 900 programs to sell compact discs. But eligible service providers can, for example, use their Advantage 900 programs for fund raising; to allow callers to renew annual club memberships or fishing licences; and in the case of a police station, to collect charges for responding to false alarms.

Based on the United States experience, Bell believes this change will help increase growth in the Canadian market.

Existing and potential Bell Advantage 900 service providers have expressed a need for this enhancement which gives them a wider range of solutions to improve their effectiveness in today's competitive marketplace.
Definition of eligible service providers

Eligible Bell Advantage 900 service providers are classified as follows:
Business 	Fortune 1000 companies or their subsidiaries
Government 	municipal, provincial or federal governments, or crown corporations
Non-profit 	registered non-profit organizations
Background

The previous tariffs for Advantage 900 service allowed service providers to offer callers information-only programs. Effective December 19, 1996, eligible service providers can enhance their 900 programs to include other chargeable services that Bell will bill to callers' monthly telephone bills.

As with the previous tariffs, all Bell Advantage 900 programs, except those that are $3 or less, must include a preamble message to advise callers of the service and the cost of the call. Callers will not be charged if they choose to hang up during the preamble message which can range from 18 seconds to three minutes in length.
Caller charges

Stentor recently received CRTC approval to eliminate the maximum amount a business, government or non-profit service provider can charge for calls placed to their Advantage 900 programs effective October 8, 1996.

Eligible service providers can continue to charge calls on either a flat-rate or per-minute basis.

With the exception of programs targeted to children which cannot exceed $3 a call, service providers who do not have business/government/non-profit status are restricted to charging a maximum of $50 a call. 